Brother Bao's strength is not bad
He turned out to be God's thug
Strength is strength, measurable, and a cutter
Brother Wolf is also relatively simple
It's a middle-to-low loan shark
It's poisoned now, it's a boss that can't be made by machines
Sure enough, God stomps his feet
This middle and lower will fight the existence of our fight
Be careful, aren't you going to form a good army with me?
Didn't you just want to protect your first woman?
Come and show me how you can protect him.
God is here
No wonder no one has seen the true face of God
This aura doesn't dare to look up at all
Shut up and die
Who hit you?
Don't slap him in the face
Miss Hahaha
Aren't you a dick?
Aren't you arrogant?
Aren't you going to kill me?
Come and kill me in front of God
You gave me a last name